README.md, before:

# really-awesome-semantic-segmentation
A list of all papers on Semantic Segmentation and the datasets they use.
This site is maintained by Holger Caesar.
To complement or correct it, please contact me at holger-at-it-caesar.com or visit [it-caesar.com](http://www.it-caesar.com). Also checkout [really-awesome-gan](https://github.com/nightrome/really-awesome-gan) and our [COCO-Stuff dataset](https://github.com/nightrome/cocostuff).

# Dataset importance
![Dataset importance plot](http://www.it-caesar.com/github/Dataset_importance.png?raw=true "Dataset importance plot")

# Details
For details which paper uses which dataset, please open the [Google Drive document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1r1PNqpcNyo3E8enQdBz-zze7nMiOUd4lb890WPh7aII/edit?usp=sharing).

# Survey papers
- A 2017 Guide to Semantic Segmentation with Deep Learning by Qure AI [[Blog about different sem. segm. methods]](http://blog.qure.ai/notes/semantic-segmentation-deep-learning-review)
- A Review on Deep Learning Techniques Applied to Semantic Segmentation [[Survey paper with a special focus on datasets and the highest performing methods]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.06857)
- Computer Vision for Autonomous Vehicles: Problems, Datasets and State-of-the-Art [[Survey paper about all aspects of autonomous vehicles, including sem. segm.]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.05519) [[Webpage with a summary of all relevant publications]](http://www.cvlibs.net/projects/autonomous_vision_survey/)

# Online demos
- [CRF as RNN](http://www.robots.ox.ac.uk/~szheng/crfasrnndemo)
- [SegNet](http://mi.eng.cam.ac.uk/projects/segnet/demo.php#demo)

Commit message:

Added note on COCO 2017 Stuff Segmentation Challenge

README.md, after:

# really-awesome-semantic-segmentation
A list of all papers on Semantic Segmentation and the datasets they use.
This site is maintained by Holger Caesar.
To complement or correct it, please contact me at holger-at-it-caesar.com or visit [it-caesar.com](http://www.it-caesar.com). Also checkout [really-awesome-gan](https://github.com/nightrome/really-awesome-gan) and our [COCO-Stuff dataset](https://github.com/nightrome/cocostuff).

**Note:** We just started the **COCO 2017 Stuff Segmentation Challenge** and invite everyone to participate. For more details, see: [cocodataset.org](http://cocodataset.org)

# Dataset importance
![Dataset importance plot](http://www.it-caesar.com/github/Dataset_importance.png?raw=true "Dataset importance plot")

# Details
For details which paper uses which dataset, please open the [Google Drive document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1r1PNqpcNyo3E8enQdBz-zze7nMiOUd4lb890WPh7aII/edit?usp=sharing).

# Survey papers
- A 2017 Guide to Semantic Segmentation with Deep Learning by Qure AI [[Blog about different sem. segm. methods]](http://blog.qure.ai/notes/semantic-segmentation-deep-learning-review)
- A Review on Deep Learning Techniques Applied to Semantic Segmentation [[Survey paper with a special focus on datasets and the highest performing methods]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.06857)
- Computer Vision for Autonomous Vehicles: Problems, Datasets and State-of-the-Art [[Survey paper about all aspects of autonomous vehicles, including sem. segm.]](https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.05519) [[Webpage with a summary of all relevant publications]](http://www.cvlibs.net/projects/autonomous_vision_survey/)

# Online demos
- [CRF as RNN](http://www.robots.ox.ac.uk/~szheng/crfasrnndemo)
- [SegNet](http://mi.eng.cam.ac.uk/projects/segnet/demo.php#demo)
